# Bacterial_Species_Classification
Multi Class Classification Problem


🧾**Description:** DNA consists of a linear string of nucleotides, or bases, for simplicity, referred to by the first letters of their chemical names: A, T, C and G. The process of deducing the order of nucleotides in DNA is called DNA sequencing. Since the DNA sequence confers information that the cell uses to make RNA molecules and proteins, establishing the sequence of DNA is key for understanding how genomes work. In the DNA double helix, the four chemical bases always bond with the same partner to form "base pairs". *Adenine (A) always pairs with thymine (T); cytosine (C) always pairs with guanine (G)*. This pairing is the basis for the mechanism by which DNA molecules are copied when cells divide, and the pairing also underlies the methods by which most DNA sequencing experiments are done. The sequence tells scientists the kind of genetic information that is carried in a particular DNA segment. For example, scientists can use sequence information to determine which stretches of DNA contain genes and which stretches carry regulatory instructions, turning genes on or off. In addition, and importantly, sequence data can highlight changes in a gene that may cause disease.

For this challenge, you will be **predicting bacteria species** based on repeated lossy measurements of DNA snippets. Snippets of length 10 are analyzed using *Raman spectroscopy* that calculates the *histogram* of bases in the snippet. In other words, the DNA segment *ATATGGCCTT* becomes *A2T4G2C2*. Each row of data contains a *spectrum of histograms* generated by repeated measurements of a sample, each row containing the output of all 286 histogram possibilities.
